Well I come on board of this course a course where you will learn all about React Native React Native
is an amazing technology that allows you to build real native apps which you can ship to the Apple App
Store or Google Play store.
With the help of JavaScript and the react library you don't need to know.
IOW programming so you don't need to know swift or Objective C and you don't need to know Java for Android
programming or Kopplin.
You don't as you know anything of that.
You will also not learn it here because all you'll need to build native applications real native applications
with React Native is javascript and react and will react native.
Which you're going to learn in this course.
Now for this course you will need some basic javascript and react knowledge that is a prerequisite but
you will learn everything about React Native.
So all the building blocks that make up React Native all the components you got there how to style your
apps and everything off that are going to learn that from scratch.
In this course no prior React Native knowledge is required now in this course will start at the very
basics.
I'll take you all the way up to a react made f advanced programmer where you will know the ins and outs
of React Native and what makes up or react native app.
You will learn how to build your apps with components which components are built and how it works behind
the scenes how to style your apps how to provide nice layouts that also work on different device sizes
and different platforms.
You will learn how to add navigation how to make sure that you can have taps or asides or how your users
may go forth and back in your application.
You will learn how to manage state with the help of redux also you will learn how to tap into native
device features how to use the device camera or how to use Google Maps or get the user location.
You will learn how to send data to a web server and store it there on the database and so much more
it's all in that course and you will all learn it from scratch here.
Now you will not just learn all of that from scratch you will all learn it in a practice based approach
will build multiple laps in this course where we can focus on the different aspects and by having multiple
apps you also got multiple locations for practicing the concepts for focusing on individual aspects
and you can therefore of course also pick the specific modules in this course which sound most interesting
to you since you have multiple entry points if you will.
Now besides all of that there's plenty of stuff for you to fall along to code along to learn and to
repeat.
And therefore by the end of the course you will be a React Native developer capable of building your
own apps.
Diving deeper into React Native or of course also apply for weak native jobs.
No that's the course content but who am I.
My name is Maximilian Schwartzman.
I'm a freelance web developer and five star rated instructor here on YouTube.
I got multiple best selling courses do you react native course you're watching is the best selling course
here and you teach me and I also got the best selling react course where you'll learn all about the
react library itself which by the way is a great preparation for discourse in this course I teach you
everything I know about React Native all the things that make up I react native application and therefore
you got everything you need to get started with react react native and build any application you want
I'm super excited to dive into all of that together with you and therefore let's not lose any time let's
dive right into it.